Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least, it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Band of the Hawk
Charge!
Off with the general's head!
Win as much reward as you could want!
B-Bazuso!
The Gray Knight, Bazuso!
As long as I stand here,
no one will be able to pass!
Who else wants to feel the
blade of my axe against their neck?
Is he the Bazuso who is
known for slaying thirty men at once?
And for killing bears?
Quit your dawdling!
Defeat him and earn the bounty!
He's talking nonsense.
We're just mercenaries.
Try doing it yourself!
Who's that?
Hey, he's still a kid.
And look at that sword...
Is the brat really going
to swing such a big blade?
He's inexperienced...
The sword's just for looks!
He'll be killed off!
Do you really want to fight with me?
You've got some balls, kid.
But, you're going to regret it...
...when I chop your
head off with my axe!
Either way...
...it's pathetic that a rookie like you
is allowed to fight on the battlefield...
There seems to be a serious
shortage of soldiers in your army.
Or are all the men
cowards, hiding behind a kid?
W-What speed!
And his strength!
Look, Bazuso is being forced back!
W-Wait...
N-Now!
Everyone charge at once!
I didn't know our opponents had
a warrior with such amazing skills.
Is he a mercenary or something?
Wondering if he's stronger than you?
Fool, our leader is on a different level.
Right, Griffith?
Evacuate this fort.
All right.
We held this castle for three
months, not the three days they expected.
And we helped the fief lord escape...
We did the amount of
work we were paid for.
Here's your reward for the battle.
Check the amount.
I must say, I was very impressed.
Even if it was just a fluke,
a rookie like you defeated Bazuso...
Well, it's truly unbelievable.
Would you consider
serving me regularly?
Your salary could be tripled.
I would even promote you
to ranked warrior if you want.
Don't you think that's a deal a
mere mercenary could never resist?
Don't you?
Our contract expired today.
It looks like the
fighting is over around here.
Wait a minute...
I will secure your
position and income as well.
You won't need to put yourself
in danger as a grunt during the war...
Hands off!
But...
Don't ever touch me!
Hey...
Someone's coming!
What?
Hey!
Hey, isn't he the guy who beat Bazuso?
What's he doing around here?
He's the enemy, should we get him?
It doesn't matter,
we're finished fighting, right?
But, I'm sure his coin-purse is bulging.
He got plenty of reward
money for defeating Bazuso.
Griffith, can we get him?
Do what you like.
Okay guys, come with me!
What?
What's so funny, Caska?
You can't possibly beat him.
That's what you say, but...
I was planning to beat
Bazuso and become famous.
I won't be satisfied
unless I beat that wanderer...
...who dared to spoil my reputation.
You'll die...
You'll see what happens.
Oh boy, Corkus...
Griffith, is it all right
to leave this up to him?
Just my imagination?
Thieves?
Dan, get him!
Got it!
T-This guy's too strong...
Look, that guy beat Dan and Earl!
Dammit!
What are they doing?
Corkus lost his nerve, even
though he brought all this on!
See, I told you so.
Caska...
You better help him.
W-Wait a minute!
Are you kidding?
It's Corkus' fault!
Okay, I'll do it...
Hey, Riguel, you go next!
W-Why should I?
Caska...
Y-You're backing me up?
It's not for you.
It was Griffith's order.
Get back...
It's a girl!
You bastard!
Hey, look.
Caska's being driven into a corner.
No one except Griffith
has ever beaten Caska!
His skill...
And his strength...
I'm going to die!
Griffith!
Griffith?
Be careful, he's tough!
Will you put up your sword?
I see...
What?
Too quick!
Amazing!
In one strike...
Oh, what an idiot!
He's no match for
Griffith in single combat!
Corkus!
You are the one at fault
because you brought this on!
S-Sorry.
Y-You...
Stand back, Caska.
Griffith!
Gambino!
Gambino, help me!
My sword is no use against this thing!
Gambino?
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't you remember?
I am no longer living in your world.
You ran a sword through my body...
...I was in agony...
...and then I died...
Gambino!
Please listen, I was...
Help me, Gambino!
You were the one who deserved to die.
You should have died.
Forgive me!
Gambino!
Please!
Don't touch me...
Please don't touch me...
Who is this?
A woman?
Black eyes...
Where am I?
A mercenary band?
They look kind of young...
That guy...
Black eyes...
You...
...should have been
killed by Griffith back there!
That was no surprise...
Caska is always rebelling against
her station, and her life as a mercenary.
She's far more skilled
than the rest of us are...
It's particularly shocking to her...
...that Griffith gave her the order
to lie down by you for two days...
...and warm your icy body...
...since you were
shivering from the heavy bleeding.
"It's a woman's duty
to warm a man," he said.
Did she punch you out of bed?
I am Griffith.
Your name?
Guts...
Such a great sword...
I couldn't use it.
Will you follow me?
Who are they...
...these guys with an
unpleasant look in their eyes?
The Band of the Hawk.
The Band of the Hawk?
Ever hear of us?
I've heard only rumors...
The Band of the Hawk...
A mercenary company known as
the Grim Reaper on the Battlefield...
Because of the Hawks, that
castle siege lasted for three months...
...even though everyone
predicted that it would end in three days...
After all that, I never figured
that the Hawks were just these kids.
What on earth is Griffith
up to, sparing that punk's life?
I assume he wants that man to join us.
We saw with our own
eyes how powerful he is.
I'm sure he is going to
be a fine addition to our army.
Don't be ridiculous, Ricket!
He cut off Earl's arm
and sent Dan to his death!
The bastard killed our comrades,
I can't pretend that didn't happen!
Right, Pippin?
Isn't this a nice view?
Why?
You could have stabbed me
through the heart back there.
It would have been simple for you.
Why didn't you kill me?
I desire to have you as my soldier.
Guts...
I observed the duel between
you and Bazuso at the castle.
That was a superb fight...
However...
...it was quite close...
If Bazuso's axe had not been cracked...
...the weapon would
have decapitated you.
Maybe.
You are honest.
Judging by your way of fighting...
...it seems you
always put your life at risk.
You never yield an inch...
...even when faced with a monster
like Bazuso or the group led by Corkus.
On the contrary, you recklessly
challenge them with your sword...
You are brave, but...
I believe you purposefully put your
life in danger, and seek the meaning...
...of your existence
by battling to preserve it...
That's what I felt...
You are interesting...
I find you very much to my liking.
I want you to join us, Guts!
What is this...
He...
Why is he telling me this?
If I say no?
You don't want to?
Of course not, I refuse!
Don't talk as if you know so much!
What do you know about me?
We've never talked before, how
could you know anything about me?
I don't know much about you...
I just have a feeling about this...
You lousy...
...acting so friendly,
after you stabbed me!
It's you who started the fight!
I am definitely not
going to forget about this!
I don't expect you to forget about
what I did either, killing your comrades!
You and I are obviously enemies...
What do you want?
Well, that's simple...
...to settle things with our swords.
When I win, I'll make a hole
in your chest just like this one!
What if I win?
Do whatever you want with me!
All right...
I rather enjoy settling things by force...
Griffith!
Leave us alone, Caska.
B-But...
No matter what,
I will have what I want.
I've had enough of
you acting so stuck up...
...it makes me sick!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
The story has begun.
While they are entwined
with strings spun by fate...
...a boy cries out, and a girl feels...
I want you...
For the one I care about...
The journey of a young man who
fights for survival with his sword...
Where will destiny take him?
First Battle